# Design Diary
Use this space to talk about your process.  For inspiration, see [my prompts](../../../docs/sample_reflection.md) 

A big struggle for this milestone was learning how to store the edits made to the text into the proper position in the vector. I used the get() function to get the individual characters from a file and I stored them into a vector. To add the edits to the vector, I was initially finding the x and y positions of the cursor on the window and treating that as the x and y postion in my 2d vector. However, I found that once I typed something to the screen and then scrolled, which clears the window and reprints the appropriate lines, that the typed characters were stored in my vector in a different position than they were added to the screen. To fix this, I created two calculations that would account for the offset, one that would take the x-position of the cursor and one that would take the y-position of the cursor. This was and is a temporary fix for my problem. It is still quite easy to break the program by going beyond the limits of my vector. Also, the offset can change depending where I am in the window. For example, the offset at the top of the window was different than the offset at the bottom of the window. To fix this problem I am working on saving the edits with a different method. Instead of finding the cursor position and then accounting for the offset of the position a character is in the vector and the position that it is added to the screen, I am going to use the mvwinch() function to read characters from the window. That way, I don't need to immediately worry about pushing back every change that is made to the text. Instead, I can push back many changes at once when the user scrolls or presses some button to allow them to save edits.

The most fun aspect of this assignment was saving the changes to the text. I feel that we are at a big milestone in our text editor now that we can save the changes that we made to the text. It was also really cool to get a functioning ctrl+s button working for saving the edits. My code that I've turned in doesn't use ctrl+s but I plan to have it implemented by the next milestone.
